                                  DAY-21
                               DIY-SOLUTION

Transitioning to latency-based routing in Amazon Route 53:
Make a copy of the record for www.example.com, but use a new domain name, for example, copy-www.example.com. Give the new record the same Type (A) and Value (W.W.W.W) as the record for www.example.com.

Update the existing A record for www.example.com to make it a weighted alias record:

For Value/Route traffic to, choose Alias to another record in this hosted zone, and specify copy-www.example.com.

For Weight, specify 100.

When you're finished with the update, Route 53 will continue to use this record to route all traffic to the resource that has an IP address of W.W.W.W.

Create a latency record for each of your Amazon EC2 instances, for example:

US East (Ohio), Elastic IP address W.W.W.W

US West (N. California), Elastic IP address X.X.X.X

Europe (Ireland), Elastic IP address Y.Y.Y.Y

Give all of the latency records the same domain name, for example, www-lbr.example.com and the same type, A.

When you're finished creating the latency records, Route 53 will continue to route traffic using the record that you updated in Step 2.

You can use www-lbr.example.com for validation testing, for example, to ensure that each endpoint can accept requests.

Let's now add the www-lbr.example.com latency record into the www.example.com weighted record and begin routing limited traffic to the corresponding Amazon EC2 instances. This means that the Amazon EC2 instance in the US East (Ohio) region will be getting traffic from both weighted records.

Create another weighted alias record for www.example.com:

For Value/Route traffic to, choose Alias to another record in this hosted zone, and specify www-lbr.example.com.

For Weight, specify 1.

When you finish and your changes are synchronized to Route 53 servers, Route 53 will begin to route a tiny fraction of your traffic (1/101) to the Amazon EC2 instances for which you created latency records in Step 3.

As you develop confidence that your endpoints are adequately scaled for the incoming traffic, adjust the weights accordingly. For example, if you want 10% of your requests to be based on latency-based routing, change the weights to 90 and 10, respectively.

