   

To create an Amazon EBS lifecycle policy 

Open the Amazon EC2 console at https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/.

1.In the navigation pane, choose Elastic Block Store, Lifecycle Manager,                                 and then choose Create lifecycle policy.On the Select policy type screen, choose EBS snapshot policy and then choose Next.
2.In the Target resources section, do the following:
   a. For target resource types, choose the type of resource to back up.                                       Choose Volume to create snapshots of individual volumes, or choose Instance to create multi-volume snapshots from the volumes attached to an instance.
  b.(For AWS Outpost customers only) For Target resource location, specify where the target resources are located.
3.For Target resource tags, choose the resource tags that identify the volumes or instances to back up. Only resources that have the specified tag key and value pairs are backed up by the policy

Brief description for the policy:

4.For IAM role, choose the IAM role that has permissions to manage snapshots and to describe volumes and instances. To use the default role provided by Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager. choose Default role. Alternatively, to use a custom IAM role that you previously created, choose Choose another role and then select the role to use.

5.For Policy tags, add the tags to apply to the lifecycle policy. You can use   these tags to identify and categorize your policies.

6.For Policy status, choose Enable to start the policy runs at the next   scheduled time, or Disable policy to prevent the policy from running. If you   do not enable the policy now, it will not start creating snapshots until you   manually enable it after creation.

7.(Only for policies that target instances) By default, Amazon Data Lifecycle   Manager will create snapshots of all the volumes attached to targeted   instances. However, you can choose to create snapshots of a subset of the   Choose Next.

8.On the Configure schedule screen, configure the policy schedules. A policy   can have up to 4 schedules. Schedule 1 is mandatory. Schedules 2, 3, and 4   are optional.
9.Review the policy summary, and then choose Create policy.

Considerations for snapshot lifecycle policies:
The following general considerations apply to snapshot lifecycle policies:

1.Snapshot lifecycle policies target only instances or volumes that are in the   same Region as the policy.

2.The first snapshot creation operation starts within one hour after the   specified start time. Subsequent snapshot creation operations start within   one hour of their scheduled time.

3.You can create multiple policies to back up a volume or instance. For   example, if a volume has two tags, where tag A is the target for policy A to   create a snapshot every 12 hours, and tag B is the target for policy B to   create a snapshot every 24 hours, Amazon Data Lifecycle Manager creates   snapshots according to the schedules for both policies.Alternatively, you     can achieve the same result by creating a single policy that has multiple     schedules.For example,you can create a single policy that targets only tag   A,and specify two schedules — one for every 12 hours and one for every 24   hours.

