                        DAY13
                     DIY SOLUTIONS

Connect to your Windows instance using RDP

To connect to a Windows instance, you must retrieve the initial administrator password and then enter this password when you connect to your instance using Remote Desktop. It takes a few minutes after instance launch before this password is available.

1.Open the Amazon EC2 console at https://console.aws.amazon.com/ec2/.

2.In the navigation pane, select Instances. Select the instance and then choose Connect.

3.On the Connect to instance page, choose the RDP client tab, and then choose Get password.

4.Choose Browse and navigate to the private key (.pem) file you created when you launched the instance. Select the file and choose Open to copy the entire contents of the file to this window.

5.Choose Decrypt Password. The console displays the default administrator password for the instance under Password, replacing the Get password link shown previously. Save the password in a safe place. This password is required to connect to the instance.

6.Choose Download remote desktop file. Your browser prompts you to either open   or save the RDP shortcut file. When you have finished downloading the file, choose Cancel to return to the Instances page.

  If you opened the RDP file, you'll see the Remote Desktop Connection dialog box.

  If you saved the RDP file, navigate to your downloads directory, and open the RDP file to display the dialog box.

7.You may get a warning that the publisher of the remote connection is unknown. Choose Connect to continue to connect to your instance.

8.The administrator account is chosen by default. Copy and paste the password that you saved previously.

Tip:If you receive a "Password Failed" error, try entering the password manually. Copying and pasting content can corrupt it.

9.Due to the nature of self-signed certificates, you may get a warning that the security certificate could not be authenticated. Use the following steps to verify the identity of the remote computer, or simply choose Yes     (Windows) or Continue (Mac OS X) if you trust the certificate.
  a.If you are using Remote Desktop Connection on a Windows computer, choose View certificate.If you are using Microsoft Remote Desktop on a Mac,choose Show Certificate.
  b.Choose the Details tab, and scroll down to Thumbprint (Windows) or SHA1 Fingerprints (Mac OS X).This is the unique identifier for the remote computer's security certificate.
  c.In the Amazon EC2 console, select the instance, choose Actions, Monitor and troubleshoot, Get system log.
  d.In the system log output, look for RDPCERTIFICATE-THUMBPRINT. If this value matches the thumbprint or fingerprint of the certificate, you have verified the identity of the remote computer.
  e.If you are using Remote Desktop Connection on a Windows computer, return to the Certificate dialog box and choose OK. If you are using Microsoft Remote Desktop on a Mac, return to the Verify Certificate and choose Continue.
  f.[Windows] Choose Yes in the Remote Desktop Connection window to connect to  your instance.
    [Mac OS X] Log in as prompted, using the default administrator account and the default administrator password that you recorded or copied previously. 
  Note that you might need to switch spaces to see the login screen. For more information, see Add spaces and switch between them.



