                     DAY-11 DIY-SOLUTIONS

  Solution-1
1.SES - Simple email service by Amazon in App Service
2.SNS- Simple notification service for push messageing in App Service 
  CloudTrail-To log application programming interface(API)in Deployement and Management.
3.RDS-Relational Database service provided by Amazon in Database.
4.Import Export-To transfer large amount of data using storage devices in Storage AND CDN
  DATA PIPELINE-To transfer data between compute and storage devices.

Solution-2
  Introduction to AWS.
  Email service 
  notification
  log API
  RDS 
  ImportExport
  Data Pipeline

Solution-3
  IAM tutorial
  STEP 1-Activate access to billing data on your AWS test account
	 Go to console
         Root account login
	 My account
         select IAM user and roll access to billing information,choose edit activate and update.Now we can access 
  STEP 2-Create IAM policies that grant permissions to billing data.
	 Sign in to IAM
	 Full access go to all billing actions.
	 Choose review policy
	 On the review page next to name type BillingFullAccess,and then choose create policy to save it Read Only access.
	 In IAM console create policy choose select actions and then select checkbox next to read
	 choose review policy
	 For name type billing view access then create policy and save it.
  STEP 3-Attach billing policies to your user group
	 Sign out of the console.
  STEP 4-Test access to the billing console
	 Sign in with AWS ID and IAM
	 In full access sign in to your AWS account as the user finance manager On the navigation bar choose FinanceManager@<ID number>and then choose My Billing Dashboard and then browsre	 to the pages and choose the various buttons to ensure that ypu have full modification permissions.Read only access Sign in to your AWS account as the FinanaceUser.
	 On the navigation bar,choose FinanaceUser@<ID no.>and then choose My Billing Dashboard browse throgh the pages you can display costs,reports and billing data with no problem.
	 however if we choose modfy option you receive an accessdenied message.

	 
